breaking(transport): Make HTTP2Transport the default (#4492)
getsentry/sentry-python: MIGRATION_GUIDE.md

- The SDK now supports Python 3.7 and higher.
- Tag values on event dictionaries, which are passed to `before_send` and `before_send_transaction`, now are always `str` values. Previously, despite tag values being typed as `str`, they often had different values. Therefore, if you have configured any `before_send` and `before_send_transaction` functions which perform some logic based on tag values, you need to check and if needed update those functions to correctly handle `str` values.

> - The SDK now uses HTTP/2 for its default transport. This can be disabled via the `http2` named argument in the SDK constructor.

Author: LMK what you think of this @sentrivana

Reviewer: SGTM, maybe minor wording suggestion

```suggestion
- The SDK now uses HTTP/2 for its default transport. This can be disabled via setting `http2=False` in `sentry_sdk.init()`.
```
